1. You may want to consider making access to the different site sections one of the first 
things that appears on the site. In other words, the purpose of the site is to quickly find 
info on the elections, but when I open it, I see the logo, eastpoint lighthouse, and a brief
description of the site. I then either have to notice the burger menu or scroll past the 
mission statement to dig into the info. Perhaps making it abundantly clear how to immediately
access the sought after information would be appropriate. Like maybe:
 
Inform the Vote Logo
Small/Very small description of the site

Big Site Sections section
  a. County Commissioner Primary
  b. Repub US Senate Primary
  c. Etc.

1. 'Back to Ballot' button. This would serve like a 'back' button, but would probably be 
more clear to less tech savvy users how to go directly back to the election they are focused
on.

Mission Statement 

1. Refocusing of content
   A. What is the position for which you are running?
      1. Technical/legal definition
      2. How you personally define it
   B. What about your experience and skill-set directly applies to the position for which
you are running?
   C. What are the top issues in relation to the position which you seek?
   D. What is your take on those issues and how does your stance differentiate you from your
opponents?
   E. What other information can you volunteer which could help the average voter differentiate
you from your opponents so that they can make a clear choice on election day?

1. Centering of names on ballot pages

1. Description of position on ballot pages

1. Summary/TL;DR pop-ups on each candidate's page
   A. Or perhaps over-top of the Eastpoint Lighthouse pic

2. Summary/TL;DR pop-ups on each primary ballot page
   A. Or perhaps over-top of the Eastpoint Lighthouse pic

***Basically, I'm anticipating most people don't want to read the whole site,
so there should be summaries. I think maybe even having videos of me reading the summaries
could make it even more palatable... Lots of people don't like to read anymore.

3. Section off the burger menus
   a. Maybe add logos or other visual indicator to help differentiate a section. Perhaps
adding the Elephant to republican sections and the Donkey to democrat sections could help
differentiate republican and democrat primaries. 
   b. Similarly, you could add something to differentiate the House of Representatives
and Senate, but I'm having trouble finding something that clearly differentiates them at the
moment.

4. Update sections on candidate's pages to make them:
   a. Visually more clear as sections
   b. More modern

5. Look for more modern/flashy ways to present the data, such as:
   a. Embedding the YouTube videos instead of having links to them
   b. Use icons for candidate social media pages instead of blue underlined links
   c. Change traditional html elements like unordered lists to something more modern,
      perhaps they can be styled or have some other modern list tags instead of plain text
      style tags

6. Email subscription service